Fuck you dare to hit me
Don't you know who I am?
My woman, yes, yes, yes.
Fei Ge Fei Ge
I was on a whim.
You spared me
Spare me Fei Ge
Ga Kidney still persisted, what do you want to do?
Now his life is in your hands, you have the final say
Why don't you let him go?
Sister Xianlu, forgive me, Sister Xianlu, Sister Xianlu
Uncle Long let me go, didn't I say?
Oh.
Brother Fei, please forgive me, Brother Fei, please forgive me.
Brother Fei, forgive me!
Fei Ge, forgive me and sell it to other companies.
This is our company's ace card that can sell for a good price.
Fei Ge Fei Ge Fei Ge forgive me
That's forgiveness
Brother Fei, forgive me, Brother Fei, Brother Fei
I made 28 million dollars for the company, Fei Ge
This is what happens to those who offend you in the future
Drink and keep getting high oh oh
Fei Ge, Fei Ge
The fighter you want has arrived
So let's take a look.
Come here
My name is Fei Ge Fei Ge